[muffled]:
Hi, I'’m Bonnie.
I'’m an alcoholic.
ALL:
Hi, Bonnie.
I know I sound like
a broken record,
but I really miss my boyfriend.
Marjorie, do me a favor,
after the meeting,
tell everybody what a record is.
Anyway... [sighs]
he and I tried
to do the Skype thing,
but I can just
feel it slipping away,
so right now, I'’m just about
as low as I'’ve ever been.
There'’s really only one thing
that'’s bringing me
any joy at all.
This cream filling.
And without a boyfriend,
it'’s the only cream filling
I'’m getting.
[muffled]:
Thank you.
Anybody want to follow that?
What the hell.
Christy, alcoholic.
ALL:
Hi, Christy.
I know I'’m usually
all doom and gloom,
but not today.
Today I am cheerful,
not fearful.
Happy, not crappy.
Delighted, not...
We get it. We get it.
I officially got accepted
into Sonoma State University.
Go Seawolves.
So, starting this fall,
I will be one step closer to
my dream of becoming a lawyer.
But wait, there'’s more.
My daughter'’s getting married
in a few weeks,
and, get this, she doesn'’t have
to get married,
she'’s doing it by choice.
That'’s a family first.
Of course, I did drop four grand
on her wedding dress,
and I will probably have to rob
a bank to pay my tuition,
but I refuse to let money
worries ruin my good mood.
That'’s what my mom is for.
Who else would like to go?
I'’ll go.
Hi, I'’m Jill,
I'’m an alcoholic.
What are you doing?
[muffled]:
I'’m sorry, it'’s all I got.
Mmm.
I hope you'’re aware
you'’re eating your feelings.
Hey, I got to put
something in my mouth.
My boyfriend'’s in Croatia.
Nice, Mom. Classy.
No, no, they don'’t make
French fries for happy people.
CHRISTY:
Violet.
What'’s going on?
Are you okay?
[sobbing]:
No!
Aw, what happened?
Gregory broke up with me.
The wedding is off.
Oh, my God.
[sobbing]
Would it be okay
if I moved back in with you?
[sobbing]
Now you may have a fry.
♪
So what did the bastard do?
We don'’t know
that he'’s a bastard.
He'’s seeing someone else.
That bastard.
What tipped you off?
Does he come home,
take a shower,
then go straight to bed,
too tired for sex '’cause
he had a rough day at work?
Mom, this isn'’t about
what men have done to you.
I'’m talking about
what I'’ve done to men.
Has he lost weight lately?
Did he join a gym?
Yeah, he has.
Teeth whitening strips
or did he go to the dentist?
He went to the dentist!
Oh, honey.
I'’m so sorry.
[sighs] Wait,
before we bury
this relationship,
have you and Gregory
talked about
going and seeing a therapist?
Mom, he doesn'’t love me anymore.
Just let it go!
How much did you spend
on the wedding dress?
Shut up.
BONNIE:
How much time do we have?
Not a lot.
Let'’s just grab her stuff
and get out.
What about those big potted
plants in the lobby?
We'’re not here
to just randomly steal things.
Then why'’d you bring me?
Hello?
Gregory?
We'’re good.
You get Violet'’s clothes,
I'’ll get the rest of her stuff.
Got it.
[door closes]
Christy?
Yeah?
Are we just gonna
get her things,
or are we gonna go all
helter skelter on the joint?
Just getting her things.
We'’ll revisit it on the way out.
Does Violet drink espresso?
CHRISTY:
I don'’t know, maybe.
Then this is probably hers.
You'’re eating his food?
May I remind you
that cheating son of a bitch
broke your daughter'’s heart.
Clear out the fridge.
I feel like we hit the jackpot
at Bed, Bath and Beyond.
You think that'’s
Violet'’s giant flat screen TV?
It'’s bigger than ours, so yes.
Oh.
Hello.
Phyllis, hi.
We didn'’t expect
to see you here.
Yeah, I get that
from the looting.
We'’re just getting
my daughter'’s things.
And some of my son'’s.
I gave him that
espresso machine.
Oh.
Sorry, it looks just like
the one we gave Violet.
Okay, we'’re just gonna
take this stuff out to the car,
and then I'’ll come back for
the rest of Violet'’s clothes.
I'’m sorry things
didn'’t work out.
Yeah, me too,
but what are you gonna do?
Your son met someone else.
[chuckling]: What?
Please.
My Gregory with two women
at the same time?
Two donuts, maybe.
That'’s what Violet said.
Are you saying
my daughter lied to me?
Yeah.
Or maybe you raised
a scumbag of a son.
Oh, now he'’s a scumbag?
You really don'’t have
a second gear, do you?
Well, what did Gregory tell you?
My son,
who has never lied to me,
told me that Violet
has been drinking a lot
and doing the pot
and the ecstasy.
Okay, first of all,
there'’s no "the"
in front of pot and ecstasy.
You would know.
And I think I would know
if Violet had a problem.
You sure about that?
You know what, Phyllis?
I'’ve got a daughter at home
crying her eyes out.
I am not gonna stand here
and argue with you.
I'’ll stay.
Come on!
Screw her, blaming Violet.
Well, wait till she realizes
she'’s having mustard for dinner.
And we'’re taking those plants.
I said I'’d know
if Violet had a problem
with drugs and alcohol,
but the more I think about it,
I'’m not sure.
Oh, come on.
Are you gonna listen
to Mahjong Sally?
Why would she lie?
Well, she'’s just repeating
what Gregory told her.
We'’re just repeating
what Violet told us.
So, who you gonna believe?
[sighs]
I want to believe my daughter,
but, you know,
when has that ever worked out?
VIOLET:
Mom?
In the kitchen.
This might get heavy.
Will it bother you
if I make popcorn?
Did you get all my stuff?
It'’s on the sofa.
And in the fridge.
You didn'’t happen
to see Gregory, did you?
No, but we ran into his mother.
Really?
What'’d she say?
Well, she kind of had
a different take on things.
What does that mean?
[sighs]
She said that the reason
you and Gregory broke up
was because...
you'’ve been partying a lot.
And you believed her?
No, but I think it'’s worth
having a conversation.
Why don'’t you ever take my side?
You always think the worst.
Well, then tell me otherwise.
Tell me you'’re
not getting loaded.
I shouldn'’t have to.
I think you should
just trust me.
I do, it'’s just...
I am in college, Mom.
I go out with my friends,
we have drinks.
Occasionally,
we'’ll smoke a little bit of pot.
We are not all drunks
and drug addicts like you two!
Hey!
I only did drugs
to manage my alcoholism.
So what do you think?
I don'’t know.
I want to believe her.
But do you?
Do you?
I asked you first.
If I'’m gonna be honest,
I'’m worried.
Think we should ask her to go to
an AA meeting with us?
Be kind of cool.
We'’d have our own row.
Yeah.
Nothing cooler than that.
My question is,
how do I tell the difference
between a full-blown alcoholic,
and a normal college student
who'’s just having fun?
That'’s a tough one.
It'’s like kids today use college
as an excuse to stay drunk
all the time.
It'’s not just today.
When I went to San Diego State,
my sorority had vodka on tap.
Best seven years of my life.
Do you remember jungle juice?
[gasps]
Oh, yeah.
Kool-Aid, fruit
and grain alcohol
all mixed together
in a giant trash can.
[chuckles]
I remember one time
I was drinking
that stuff at a frat party,
and I puked through
the screen door.
The juice went outside,
and the chunks of fruit stayed
in the kitchen with me.
[groans]
This is not making me
feel better.
Well, hang on.
A lot of my college roommates
partied just as much as I did,
and they don'’t have a problem.
Other than being in loveless
marriages with ugly children.
Christy, I know it'’s painful
because it'’s your kid,
but nothing changes the fact
that this is
a self-diagnosed disease.
So I'’m just supposed
to do nothing?
You can pray for her.
So nothing.
Ooh, you know what was
another great college drink?
Vodka and Tang.
Oh, I loved those.
The screwdriver
the astronauts drank.
Okay, the point is only Violet
can say if she has a problem,
and if that day
ever does come,
at least she has a sober mom
who will know how to help.
And grandmother.
Sure.
It'’s 2:00 a.m.
What are you doing?
Prepping some ribs.
Want a slab?
No.
What'’s going on?
[sighs] I was having
phone sex with Adam,
and lost the connection
right before I...
Anyway, I'’m making
spicy and mild.
Take your pick.
[sighs] I'’m gonna
gain so much weight
'’cause your boyfriend'’s
out of town.
What are you doing up?
I couldn'’t sleep.
I kept listening
for Violet to come in.
Ooh, I forgot about her.
That could have been awkward.
It'’s so weird having
her back in the house.
I mean, I know
she'’s not a kid anymore,
but I still worry like she is.
Mmm, I know how you feel.
When you were her age
and staying out all night,
I was a nervous wreck.
You used to wait up for me?
Of course.
I mean, I had a little help
from the old Peruvian
marching powder,
but, uh, that only added
to the paranoia.
For a while there,
I was convinced the CIA
had replaced you with a clone.
[softly]: How do you know
they didn'’t, Mom?
Don'’t do that.
[phone ringing]
Oh, God, this can'’t be good.
Hello?
Who?
Oh, Phyllis.
What'’s wrong?
Oh, no.
What?Violet showed up at Gregory'’s
drunk off her ass.
Phyllis, I am so sorry.
We'’ll be right there.
Okay.
She'’s alive.
What do you want to do?
Kill her.
Just let me get these ribs
in the oven, and I'’ll drive.
I'’m so sorry
about this.
Yeah, well, what are
you gonna do, you know?
The joys of parenthood.
Really?
Curlers?
Forgive me.
I didn'’t know
I'’d be entertaining.
Where is Violet?
Last I looked, she was puking
in the toilet I cleaned
just this afternoon.
I got this.
I'’d offer you something to eat,
but there'’s nothing
in my refrigerator!
Oh, yeah,
sorry about that.
Where'’s Gregory?
Well, he was pretty upset about
the relationship falling apart,
so he and a couple of friends
went to Mexico
to catch fish
and maybe chlamydia.
Did Violet happen to mention
why she showed up here
in the middle of the night?
Between the booze
and the crying,
she wasn'’t making
a lot of sense,
but I think she'’s still in love.
Oh. My poor baby.
Yeah.
It'’s very sad.
You know, some very fashionable
women still use curlers.
[retching]
Very colorful.
What is that, Jell-O shots?
Yeah.
See, your old grandma knows
what the kids are drinking.
Are you gonna tell me
I'’m an alcoholic?
Nope, that'’s up to you
to decide.
I will tell you
you have vomit in your hair,
so you can draw
your own conclusions.
I just miss Gregory.
I get it. We'’re having
pork ribs for breakfast
because I miss Adam.
Ribs?
[retching]
That'’s okay.
More for me.
I always thought if I got her
through her teen years,
it would get easy.
[chuckles] You know when
it gets easy being a mother?
When you'’re dead.
And even then,
you might worry a little.
I owe you an apology.
I know that Gregory
wasn'’t cheating on Violet.
You don'’t have
to apologize.
We all want to believe
our own child.
I just can'’t help feeling
like it'’s my fault.
I drank, and now Violet drinks.
Do you blame your mother
'’cause you drank?
I used to.
Not anymore.
Then why don'’t you give yourself
a break with Violet?
Yeah, maybe.
Besides, if it'’s always
the parents'’ fault,
then I have to be responsible
every time my son behaves
like a pompous schmuck.
"A pompous schmuck"?
I say it with love.
Well, I always liked Gregory.
I mean, I had my doubts
about their relationship,
but... I liked it that Violet
had someone to take care of her.
She still has someone
to take care of her.
Oy.
[chuckles]
Oy, indeed.
I think she'’s empty.
[sighs]
Let'’s get you home.
Thank you, Phyllis.
Yeah, I'’d say anytime,
except I think once is enough.
You know, even though
the wedding'’s off,
doesn'’t mean we
can'’t be friends.
Aw, you really need
a mom, don'’t you?
So bad.
BONNIE:
Hey.
I'’m standing right here.
Call me.
[sighs]
Look at her.
Just a few days ago,
she was someone else'’s problem.
Hey, that'’s your daughter.
She'’s not a problem,
she'’s a burden.
Good point.
You can solve a problem.
I still don'’t know
if she'’s one of us.
I'’m thinking not.
Why?
God doesn'’t tell the same joke
three times in a row.
[sighs]
Boy, I hope not.
Give her time.
She'’ll settle down.
And if she doesn'’t,
she knows where to go.
I guess.
Hey, Mom,
I'’m sorry for all those nights
I made you wait up for me.
Thank you. [chuckles]
I always thought I wasn'’t
hurting anybody but myself.
Well, the important thing is
we have each other now.
This hug would mean more
if you stopped chewing.